Hello, how are you doing today?
I am doing well, just finished a mountain biking trip.
I prefer horseback riding and spending time with my family.
My dad was a construction worker and he taught me how to drive a bike.
I work as a sales manager for a big coffee shop.
I write novels, mostly sci fi books.
No, I am only four years older than people have a hard time understanding.
My sons name is oreo and he loves chocolate candy.
I'd love to be a dog. Do you have pets?
What is your favorite color? Mine is daisies.
That would be so cool! Thanks for chatting with me!
I do like iced coffee, especially strawberry shortcake.
Hello, how are you doing today?
My favorite hobby is taking dance lessons since I am always practicing my hip hop.
What kind of music do you sing?
I like rap, tupac, huey lewis, tyler farr, jonny chesney, elton john, etc
I was born in the early 2000s and my parents were very supportive of me.
My older brother plays the piano and sings along with jimi hendrix.
My grandfather served in us war a while ago
My grandpa used to serve overseas every now and then but he retired from afghanistan
Semper fi my granddad was stationed in china when he was in india
Its alot of cold weather here in canada so its always warm here
Rollerblading helps me concentrate on my lifes work ethic
What kind of food do you like?
Hello, how are you doing today?
I am doing very well, thank you. What do you do for a living?
I'm a full time student, so I wear a raincoats uniform.
What color is your suspenders? I've bright brown eyes and a large red scarf.
Wow, that must have been a traumatic experience.
Whats your favorite type of food? Mine is yellow with blue bead and lemon dew.
Hello, how are you doing today?
Do you volunteer at a homeless shelter?
No, but I donate alot of money to shelters.
He taught me how to relieve stress while volunteering as a professional wrestler.
Yes, my husband and I try to build houses in our spare time.
I've a pet mutt named majora.
I am doing well. Just listening to some music and playing video games. You?
I'm doing alright. What kinds of foods do you like to eat?
My favorite hobby is wearing jeans and thigh lifting shirts.
What is your fav band? Mine are rock and roll tees.
I've blonde hair and hot short clothes.
How long have you been doing that?
Happy belated birthday! Do you have any plans for the weekend?
How long have you been married? I recently moved to new york.
I'm sorry to hear that. Whats wrong with your wife?
No no no no no no no no no no no no no! Please tell me more about yourself
What kind of job are you looking for?
Well thank you for your service. I hope you find something worthwhile soon
Hello, how are you doing today?
Sounds relaxing. I spend my money on cars and watch tv in my spare time.
I've a pet terrier named nyla. Do you have any pets?
I'm an interior designer. What about you?
I have never had a dull relationship.
I do not have children yet, but maybe someday.
I'm doing well, how about yourself?
What do you do for a living?
I do engineering and own my own studio
San diego, born and raised in california
My ex cheated and left me for a lawyer
I'm a professional musician
I am doing well. Just finished watching some hockey games.
I love baking and spending time with my nieces and nephews.
I do like to cook, especially french bulldogs.
I live in a rural area near oakville, schenectady, middlesex.
I've a german shepherd named radar, he's a beagle terrier.
He is a golden retriever.
Hello how are you today?
What kind of food do you cook then
What is your favorite cuisine? Mine is grilled chicken
How long have you been traveling?
My parents both both both very very very athletic
I also enjoy running and training for marathons
Hello, how are you doing today?
What are your hobbies? I walk dogs for a living.
My parents taught me mortal combat skills. I am an avid reader.
I spend most of my spare time reading sci fi books, especially forensic journals.
Do you have any pets? I've a dog named radar.
What is your favorite color? Mine is purple.
I am doing well, how about yourself?
Yes, I graduated from yale in junior with a degree in finances
My parents are both wealthy, so I grew up in upstate new york.
What did you do before you retired?
Do you have any hobbies besides being poor?
I'm employed at an ivy league.
Hello, how are you doing today?
That sounds fun! Do you have any pets? I've a pet lizard named rainbow gables.
I spend my time bird watching with my cat and birds.
I've never played board games. I am an activist.
I like gospel music, especially brittany chesney.
I work as a tarot card reader.
I reside in alabama. Where do you live?
I love tacos! Whats your favorite subject? Mine is math class
I play soccer with my brother. He is older than me.
I am sorry to hear that. How old are your sisters?
I'm an offshore oil rigger. What about you?
No pets. I've two dogs and three cats.
I love rock music whats your favorite color mine is gucci
I am a stay at home mom
My dream car is a rolls royce ghost
My family enjoys horseback riding and beagles
Yes I've a bunch of vintage saucony memorabilia
I hope so too I usually shop at thrift stores and resell shoes
Did you ever win bronze medal in 1986?
What is your dream car? Mine is a rolls royce ghost.
I love chocolate chip ice cream.
Do you have any hobbies besides swimming?
I shop at thrift stores and resell shoes.
My family does not support my career choice.
I am 30 years old and used to paint as a housewife
I use to be a painter now I quit painting since I was a youngster
I'm originally from germany how about you
Do you have kids? I've two young children who never visit
My oldest son has a daughter who enjoys visiting new places
That sounds like a lot of fun
I am doing well, how about yourself?
What do you do for a living?
I'm a professional star wars fan
What city are you from?
I'm 36 years old
Wow that must have been a lot of fun
I'm doing well, how about yourself?
I am currently looking for a new job. Do you have any hobbies?
I work as a doctor at a local daycare center.
My profession is a dr. Seuss novel. What is your favorite movie?
I've never seen an alien horse before.
I have a masters degree in forensic science.
No, but I do volunteer at a soup kitchen while watching war documentaries
I teach middle school, I am a retired nurse
What do you do for a living?
I enjoy eating cheeseburgers, especially tater tots
Yes but hamburgers are my favorite food
No it gives me heartburn
Hello, how are you doing today?
What kind of car do you drive? Mine is a honda civic.
No, I am a customer service manager.
I do not have any hobbies besides riding my stickshift f150.
I met katy perrys last night at taco bell.
I drove a toyota camry in a mercedes corolla.
Hello, how are you doing today?
I am doing well, just got back from a gas station.
What kind of job do you have?
That sounds like a lot of work. I'm terrified of clowns.
My dad is always trying to set me up on blind dates.
I used to have urinary arthritis when I was younger.
Hello, how are you doing today?
Do you have any hobbies? I play dungeons and dragons.
I am a 14 year old girl who hates school.
I don't have many friends but I do enjoy playing the violin.
I wish I could work harder than I did when I was 18.
Yes, I've eight brothers and three sisters.
Hello, how are you doing today?
I am doing well, just sitting here listening to some classical music.
I'm twenty five years old. What do you do for a living?
I work as an engineer and own my own studio.
I've a pet labrador named majora.
I love red, reminds me of summer time.
Hello, how are you doing today?
Happy belated birthday! My parents taught me mortal combat skills.
Its going great! Just finished walking dog for a living.
I am currently a grad student studying psychology.
What do you do for fun? I enjoy reading tarot cards and crocheting books.
They can eat chocolate chip cookies with peanut butter or vanilla ice cream.
Hello, how are you doing today?
I am originally from kansas but I am terrified of clowns
What do you do for a living?
I'm a cashier at a gas station
I like to garden and spend time with my family
My dad keeps trying to set me up on blind dates
Hello, how are you doing today?
Whats your favorite dessert? Mine is chocolate chip ice cream.
Cherries, gummy worms, and granola bars. What do you do for fun?
I love singing, especially brittany hayworth.
I teach elementary school. I attend church every week.
I am only four years older than you.
Hello, how are you doing today?
Getting ready to bake some pies for my grandma, she helped me decorate my kitchen.
I was forced to marry when I was a young whipper snapper.
I've a pet mutt named majora.
I collect stray figurines, mostly victorian themed recipes.
I am sorry to hear that. Do you have any hobbies besides volunteering?
Hi names jace and I wear skinny jeans and tee shirts
I am good thanks for asking
What color is your hair? Mine is blonde
What do you do for a living?
Red hot chilli peppers are my favorite foods
What city are you from?
What do you do for a living?
What city are you from?
Whats your favorite superhero? Mine is john gresham
I love romantic songs. I grew up listening to them when I was younger
What is your favourite dish?
Swimming is fun but I prefer horseback riding
Just hanging out with my two dogs and listening to some classical music. How about you?
I like old school hip hop. Do you have any pets?
I've 2 siberian terriers named nyla and eighteen deon rommel
I am in my 30s and still in my twenties
My name is megan. Whats yours?
My favorite band is kenny chesney
Hello, how are you doing today?
Doing well, just finished playing with my 14 year old daughter.
Very true. Do you have any other hobbies besides school?
That sounds like a lot of fun. I don't have many friends.
I prefer reading sci fi books, especially forensic sciences.
I would love to visit australia and explore different types of cultures.
Hello, how are you doing today?
I am doing well. Just got back from soccer practice.
I love playing with my brother. He is older than me.
Yes I work as a graphic designer. Do you have any hobbies?
That sounds like a lot of fun. What kind of restaurant?
My favorite musician is kenny chesney. Who is your fav artist?
Hello, how are you doing today?
What kind of music do you like?
I love rap and hip hop
I work at a local art gallery
Whats your favorite food? Mine is pizza
It is warm and breezy here
Hello, I am from rural areas. How about you?
I work at a local farming community. Do you have any pets?
I love playing hockey with my german shepard.
I do, but mostly classical music. What is your favorite genre?
That is cool. My husband passed away recently.
I have a dog named radar. He was adopted when I was 18.
Hello, how are you doing today?
I am doing well, just finished playing rpg games with my friends.
What color is your hair? I dyed mine every three months.
Do you ever chew gum?
My favorite hobby is to play dungeons and dragons.
I drink at least once a month to relieve stress.
I am doing well. Just finished cooking in the kitchen.
I'm 77 and love comic books. Do you have any hobbies?
No I'm not a student. I enjoy comics and sci fi
That is cool. Whats your favorite color? Mine is superman.
I'm an avid swimmer. What team are you in school for?
I hate math. It helps me focus on my skills and flexibility.
Whats your favorite ice cream flavor? Mine is chocolate with peanut butter
I am a professional football player. Do you play any sports?
What did you study? My wife and kids are the best.
How old are your children?
My oldest son plays linebacker in high school.
Yes, I love drinking coffee and snacking on icecream.
Hello, how are you doing today?
I'm doing well, just listening to some insane clown posse.
I've been playing dungeons and dragons for awhile. Do you have any hobbies?
I play a lot of game of duty, mostly rpgs, arcade games, camping, snowboarding, and horseback riding.
Sure, whats your favorite food? Mine is donuts.
Sounds like a plan. I'll bring doughnuts.
Good morning, how are you today?
I am doing well, just munching on some red wine.
Wow, that sounds like a horse farm.
Do you have any other hobbies besides horseback riding?
I love horses, especially donkey kong.
I cannot listen to rock music while I supplement my protein intake.
Hello, how are you doing today?
What do you do for a living?
I don't read comic books, mostly sci fi
What is your favorite marvel series? Mine is dean koontz
I am a huge fan of iron maiden
That sounds like a lot of fun
Hello, how are you doing today?
I was raised in a single parent household.
I am a commercial stunt setter. I read twenty five books a year.
That sounds like a lot of fun. What type of car do you drive?
I enjoy reading tarot cards as a hobby.
What is your favorite food? Mine is hummus.
I am doing well, how about yourself?
I love long walks with my dog. Do you have any pets?
My family is always growing their own food. I live in a 3 bedroom house.
You should try dribbling a bead. It helps relieve stress.
What is your major in working as a chef?
What kind of job are you looking for?
Hi there from a small town called baton rouge
I am doing very well thank you. Tell me about yourself
I was raised on a horse farm
I'm an interior designer, hoping to become a lawyer
What do you do in your spare time?
How long have you been doing that?
I'm doing well, how about yourself?
I work as a veterinary assistant at a nursing home.
I spend most of my time on facebook when I am not working.
I've a bunch of vintage mustang mustangs.
I've never had social network. Do you have any hobbies?
Wow, that sounds like a lot of fun.
Hello, how are you doing today?
I was born in the early 77, so I am feeling lonely.
Maybe you should take dance lessons before it gets too cold.
What kind of things do you enjoy doing in your spare time?
How old are your sons?
That sounds like a lot of fun. I teach young hip hop too.
Hi I am doing ok getting married in the spring
Congratulations on the new house wife
I teach kindergarten at a school as a teaching teacher
Do you enjoy listening to taylor swift?
What is your favorite color mine is justin bieber
I like britney spears and katy perrys
Hi I am doing ok how are you
Yes I'm a car salesman
What kind of tours do you usually kayak
I love planting sunflowers and roses
I enjoy reading tarot cards and collecting bibles
I'm not judgemental just like my wife
Hello, how are you doing today?
Just finished washing my stinky lawn on the weekends.
What kind of horses do you have?
My favorite hobby is grilling fruits and veggies.
That sounds like a lot of fun. Any hobbies?
He loves being a lawyer.
I am doing well. Just hanging out with my cat.
Do you have any pets? I've never been out of ohio.
I've an affinity for black olives and garlic bread.
What is your favorite food? I love pizza, especially with thai chili.
I'm a girl. My cats name is ghost.
Are you male or female?
Hello, how are you doing today?
I'm doing well, sipping coffee while driving my mini van
10pcs/ set vintage porcelain habit tea spoon spoons
Stainless soap eiffel tower ceramic colour liquid dispenser pump bottle
What kind of car do you drive?
I like old ford convertible upholstery
Hello, I'm doing well. How about yourself?
I am currently in a debutante detention center. What about you?
What kind of cuisine do you like?
I didn't know about radiology, what is your favorite dish?
I do not have a house yet, but hopefully soon.
What are you going to do when you grow up?
I am doing well, how about yourself?
What do you do for a living?
I'm a professional tennis medalist. I joined a bronze medal olympic softball tourney
What city are you from?
Oh wow, that must have been intense
Whats your favorite color? Mine is yellow
Hi names george and I farm as a bee farmer
I am doing well. Just got back from visiting my favorite animal shop
Yes she's a famous fashion designer from italy
My husband passed away when I married a super model
What do you do for a living?
What kind of music do cows grow?
Hello, I am doing well. How about yourself?
What school do you attend?
Five year olds. I do not drink soda and eat french fries.
I spend most of my time eating hamburgers and cheeseburgers.
I wish I had a boyfriend.
No, I'm not much of a reader.
I'm an aspiring 4h nurse. Whats your favorite type of movie?
I used to play tennis professionally but now I am getting pregnant.
My husband loves golfing and I read weekly books every week.
How long have you been married?
Do you have any other hobbies besides vacationing?
That sounds like a lot of fun. I spend most of my time reading.
Hello, how are you doing today?
It is! Do you have any hobbies?
My grandfather used to serve overseas, he served in india as a naval.
My father was a banker, but he helped me get through the army.
Did you graduate high school?
I live in north carolina, near the gulf of mexico.
I'm a teacher at a soup kitchen
What city are you from?
I am in riverside inland empire
Besides eating cheeseburgers and watching war documentaries
I walk 3 miles a day to relieve stress
Yes I was born and raised in san francisco
European paris eiffel tower ceramic soap lotion liquid dispenser pump bottle
I am twenty five years old
I run and play sports with my husband
It depends on the sport, whats your favorite color
What do you do for a living?
I love blue, reminds me of summer time
Hello, how are you doing today?
I am currently in a debutante detention center.
I was held captive for the past twelve years.
My mom is coming to visit me tomorrow, I'll be there soon.
No habla peu bien esta mi amigo, what kind of job do you have?
My mother is leaving me, she will bring me dinner after she arrives.
I am doing well, how about yourself?
I'm a graphic designer for a small corporation called dunder mifflin
What kind of work do you do?
I dabble in robotics and video games
I would love to be able to fix my water problem
What color is your hair? Mine is a pomeranian
My boyfriend likes photography and loves cheeseburgers and fries
I'd love to photograph pictures someday
What kind of french food do you teach?
That sounds like a lot of fun
Yes I want a bigger house
No I stay home and eat alot of hamburgers
I am a little bit of a sci fi gal, but drawing exclamation points is my hobby
I'm only four years old
Disney princesses are my favorite
I love to eat chocolate candy
What kind of songs do you sing in your 3rd grade dance class?
I do not know what that means
Hello, I am doing well. How are you?
What do you do for a living? I drive a hearse.
I enjoy listening to classical music while driving my tahoe.
What is your favorite color? Mine is red.
My sister lives in wv, we live near lake havasu.
We lived in clearwater cucamonga for awhile.
Hi names jace and I am a professional twitch streamer
My allergy to water makes me gassy
What do you do for a living?
I'm making a robot chatbot
What city are you from?
I live in los angeles
Hi names george and I farm as a bee farmer
I am good thanks for asking
What do you do for a living?
What city are you from?
Yes she enjoys spending time with my family
My favorite food is mac cheese
Hi names jace and I am in the 3rd grade
My favorite character is mickey ds
I play with my friends on the playground we go every year
Maybe write something in spanish or french fluently
How long have you been dating
What else do you like to do in your spare time
Hi names jace and I eat hamburgers and fries
That sounds like a lot of fun
I do not drink soda I prefer cheeseburgers
I work as a mechanic specializing in mechanical engineering
Italian food restaurant near campus
What kind of car do you have
Hello, how are you doing today?
My favorite food is okra and chips with peanut butter
I enjoy cooking, especially italian cuisine
Yes, I am an aspiring art major in college
What kind of soup do you like?
I love to travel and explore different types of cultures
My favorite hobby is cooking, baking, and watching comic books.
I enjoy reading comics, especially 386 sci fi novels.
What subjects do you teach? Mine is dungeons and dragons.
I've a donkey terrier named superman.
Wow, that must have been an exciting experience.
What kind of dog is your monkey?
Hello, how are you doing today?
Yes, but I prefer dungeons and dragons. Do you have any hobbies besides gardening?
My dream is to be a veterinarian in my spare time.
I love animals, especially dogs. I've a cat named contraband.
I do like museums. I went to school to become a vet but hated it.
I drink a ton of chai tea every day. It helps relieve stress.
Hi names jace and I live in a rural area
I am doing ok my german shepherd is barking
I like outdoor sports and hockey
I remodel childrens farming centers
Yes it is very relaxing and peaceful
I enjoy reading books mostly sci fi
Hello, how are you doing today?
What do you coach? I am a dog trainer.
A shih tzu terrier named majora.
His name is speckles. He's such a havanese.
What color is your pomeranian? Mine is orange.
I love red, reminds me of summer time.
I am doing well, how about yourself?
What do you do for a living?
What city are you from?
I'm originally from los angeles born and raised in san francisco
How old is your son?
My older brother loves red wine
Good morning, I am listening to some country music. Whats your favorite band?
I love pink, reminds me of summer time.
Do you have any pets? I've two dogs named nyla and eighteen deon.
German shepard and shih tzu. What breed is your labrador?
Mine is golden retrievers. How long have you beeen a hiker?
That sounds like an interesting hobby. Any hobbies?
Good morning, I am listening to my favorite band avenged sevenfold
What kind of music do you listen to? Mine is vv tzu
I grew up in the country and raised my parents in the industry
What do u do for a living?
What city are you from?
I'm originally from baton rouge but moved to cali last year
Hello, how are you doing today?
I am only four years old, so I am thinking about ordering some chocolate candy.
Scooby doo and kittens are my favorite hobbies. Do you have any pets?
I would rather walk and sing about exclamation points than people have a hard time understanding.
She cooks fruits and vegetables. She keeps pawing around and tells me she wo not let me eat sweets.
My diet consists of lactose intolerant and I cannot stop eating it.
My sister plays instruments. She's a huge part of my church choir.
What kind of instrument do you play? I love classical music.
What is your favorite color? Mine is red.
I like to drive my tahoe around the christian mountains.
Yes, I live on a farm.
What kinds of things are you interested in?
My favorite band is nickelback. I've visited spain a few times
No I do not travel much. I spend most of my time at the library
I love watching nascar with my nieces and nephews
No sports but I enjoy traveling
I want to retire in a couple years
What kind of car do you drive?
Hi names jace and I am in high school
Hey there hows it going
I'm studying to become a physical therapist
What kind of dancing do you do
What do u do for a living
What city are you from?
Hi I am doing ok how are you
What do you do for a living?
Whats your gender then?
What are your hobbies besides drinking organic milk
Have you ever seen solar panels?
No I've no idea what they're talking about
Hello, how are you doing today?
What do you do for a living?
I am a stay at home wife.
Whats your favorite color? Mine is blue.
I've never been kayaking. I prefer warmer weather myself.
My husband likes grey, reminds me of summer time.
My ex cheated and left me for a lawyer
I live in california but the playback studio was dead last year
What kind of buildings do you build?
I dabble in computer programming and designing peoples own designs
I love mountain biking and horseback riding
Pink is a great color, reminds me of summer time
I am doing well. Just got back from tutoring my spiritual full time job.
Sorry to hear that. Do you have any hobbies? I enjoy meditating and meditation.
My favorite color is pink. Whats yours?
I've a pet parrot named majora.
My goal is to pursue my artistic essence of becoming a buddhist.
Yes it would definitely be cold and rainy here in alaska.
My favorite hobby is listening to classical music. How about you?
What kind of food do you cook? I love greek cuisine.
My sister enjoys eating fish and chips. She's a huge talker.
I do like exotic landscapes, especially the red hot chili peppers.
What is your major in school?
What grade are you in?
Hello, how are you doing today?
What kind of car do you drive? I own an electric boat and bought it out when I was younger.
That sounds like a lot of fun. I have traveled the world for a decade.
I enjoy cooking and spending time with my family.
I love country music as well.
I've been trying all sorts of different cuisines lately.
Hello, how are you doing today?
I am doing well. Just got back from the park with my daughter.
What do you do for a living?
I do not have any children. How about you?
She's a grown adult aged young kid who loves movies.
I enjoy eating junk food and watching youtube videos on friday nights.
Hello, I am gerald. How are you?
Do you have family that I reside near?
That sounds like a lot of work. I spend most of my time at the zoo
What kind of nurse? My name is george
What are your hobbies besides pet dander?
I love animals especially reptiles
Hello, I am doing very well, thank you. How are you?
What kind of job did you get?
I played professional softball for a college. What sport do you play?
My profession is a huge star wars fan, mostly sci fi
Tennis is fun, what is your favorite team?
That sounds like a good career choice
Hello from india, I visited spain a few years ago
I love swimming, especially traveling to different places
What kind of computer programming do you do?
That sounds like a lot of fun, whats your favorite place to travel?
I mostly listen to classical music in my spare time
How old are you now?
Hi names jace and I am a big star wars fan
I'm doing well. Just finishing up some chai tea
I play football for a competitive team
I'm a college student studying literature
No I spend most of my time practicing poetry
Its alright but I prefer reading instead of writing
I am doing well, how about yourself?
I'm a professional gambler who loves to climb my appalachian lawn on sunny days.
What kind of spiritual work do you do?
I've been working on my religious duties since retiring from college.
I live in north carolina, near alaska.
Idaho, originally from fpr where I was born and raised.
Hello, how are you doing today?
Congratulations! What kind of foods do you like to eat?
I love italian food, especially slathered in feta sauce.
Non fiction mainly sci fi, vampire diaries and suspenseful comedies
I was raised in a single parent household, but now I am a stay at home mom
I work as a stunt double as a professional handicapper
Hello, I'm doing well. How are you?
What kind of shoes do you wear?
You should try skateboarding. It helps relieve stress.
I am a high school student studying biology.
Yes, but I prefer horseback riding instead of asphalt.
That sounds like a lot of fun.
Hello, I am doing well. How about yourself?
What do you do for a living? I own a house in florida.
What city are you from?
I'm originally from baton rouge, but moved to the united states after retiring from hurricane irma.
What sport did you play in high school?
I played basketball in highschool.
Hi names jane and I volunteer at my local animal shelter
What do you do for a living?
What city are you from?
Whats your favorite color? Mines blue
Wow that's a lot of houses
Mine is purple, what is yours?
Hello, how are you doing today?
I am doing well, just moved to my first home.
I teach middle school. I recently relocated to canada.
Happy birthday! My step child was born and raised in the united states.
Do you have any special talents?
No not yet, hoping to find a babysitter soon.
I am doing well, how about yourself?
What do you do for a living?
I live in california but the produce market was dead last year
My ex cheated on me a few years ago
What city are you from?
How long have you been married?
Hello, how are you doing today?
I'm doing well, just got back from a gas station.
No, I am terrified of clowns.
My favorite hobby is working with my hands and love to garden.
Yes, my dad keeps trying to set me up on blind dates.
I've not been married since my youngest older brother left.
Hi names jace and I am a professional twitch streamer
My profession is building robot robots
What kind of mechanic do you build
My parents taught me how to design them
I love the beach its very relaxing
It is very pleasant and quiet
