Hello there! My name is Nina, what's yours?
I'm doing well, it's nice to meet you George. Do you have any hobbies?
I don't play many sports, but I mountain bike competitively. Have you ever tried mountain biking? It's exhilarating.
You're from Florida? Cool, my Father helped build Miami Tower before I was born.
I'm a Writer, you?
Mostly ghost writing for blogs, magazines, things like that. Though I have done some fiction.
yes i have one son. I also like to eat chocolate candy.
my sons name Mike. when I grow up I want to be a dog.
lol yep they are innocent and cute. I am also 4 years old.
I also like to talk to people, but i have a hard time understanding at times.
there are some I like and the rest I tolerate.
Yes, coffee is great in the morning.
man so tired from my dance lessons
really what else do you do?
I like old school hip hop, I'm an 80's child. You think thats cool?
weird that music is awful
I can imagine, you ever play with lite brite?
lite brite is my favortie
Me too and I didn't even finish high school
I wish I had finished. Where are you from?
That sounds so fun. I am in Canada.
Yes it can be. What is your favorite food?
I really like shawarma. Have you ever tried it?
It is my favorite. What are your hobbies?
How are you today?
I am well, thanks
I am not a boyy
Oh wow! What did they do about it?
I am glad you are okay now
How does that work?
hi how are you
thats' cools i am a professional wrestler
i'm not sure in my spare time i do volunteer work
yea i don't know i also volunteer in a homeless shelter
wow that's a lot no but i enjoy being around people
no i don't have any pets
Great how are you?
Good, Thank you. What do you do for a living?
Me too. I also love to listen to music and play video games.
I like band shirts with ruffle sleeves and have really short blond hair. What color hair do you have?
I'm into skinny jean and leggings. Do you like skinny jeans?
What is your favorite food?
wow happy birthday i just moved into my first home
really i am expecting triplets in three months
please do what's best a already have a step children
no i recently moved to this country
ill make sure not to thanks
i will no problem
Hello friend. How are you?
brilliant. I would love to do that. But I have to work from home.
nope, i spend money on cars mostly.
mostly secret things. Away from prying eyes.
I have never had a steady relationship. Might be because of the secrets.
Nope, to much time in front of the tv.
good and you?
where do you live currently?
Cali for now
i'm in san diego
yeah it's nice this time of year
i'm a recording engineer self employed and you?
pretty good - been watching nhl hockey today.  do you have any hobbies?
Are you a good cook?  I enjoy coloring books
I'm not really that good at it.  We live in a rural farming area, where do you live?
What do you do for a living?
I'm a stay at home mom and enjoy spending time with my german shepherd dog.
Oscar is his name.  Do you have any other hobbies?
I'm a clean eater, so I have to be careful with what I eat.  But I love it too!
That seems to work well with the fact that you love to eat!  Do you have a job?
I bet you've seen some interesting things!  I'm a life coach at a new job!
Do you have a favorite?
I think my favorite food is lasagna - I'd love to go to Italy one day.
I'm currently preparing for a marathon, so I really can't eat it right now though.
Hi, how are you? I've been busy studying for a test, as I am a graduate student.
What do you do for work? I'm a student and read about psychology, as it's part of my major.
Sounds fun! I am a dog walker. Do you have any hobbies?
I like to go kayaking and camping, my parents were big on teaching me survival skills.
Some teachers can be really inspiring, I admire them.
Your welcome, but it's only the truth. It takes patience and dedication.
I am good
Not yet, I just graduated with a degree in finance
My parents are wealthy so I never have to work again
I drive a BMW, but I guess I could give it to you
Do you have any kids?
Nope, I do have a cat though
hi there how are you?
sounds fun. I do a lot of bird watching.
i'm an animal activist. What about you?
Cool. What kind of music do you like?
yes I like death metal.
i'm retired and you?
i'm in tx. Do you like sports?
yay tacos! I'm on the soccer team at school and I love it.
goalie. So are you in school?
I have an older brother too
nothing i'm in school and math is the worst.
yep 2 dogs 3 cats
hi i'm good too just got back from shopping. What do you do for a living?
I work for a watch dealer but unfortunately my parent's don't support my career choice.
shopping for shoes is as close to a hobby as I get.
Nice. You like cars?
yes my dream car is a rolls royce ghost.
thanks me too! lol
CONGRATS.I AM VERY HAPPY.
I HAVE ALSO ONE CATS, THAT NAME PUPPY
I LIKE VERY MUCH VANILLA ICE CREAM.
OKAY, WHAT ABOUT YOU
WHAT IS YOURSELF?
WHAT IS YOUR NAME
Do you have any children?
I have two children that are all grown up.
I'm originally from Orlando.  Do you have any hobbies?
I enjoy painting.  Where do you work?
That must be a fun job.
Do you have any questions for me?
Good, and you? I just finished a wonderful book of poetry.
 really love to try new coffee blends and a massive Star Wars enthusiast. Do you like?
What do you do for work? Anything exciting?
That's cool. I used to play college football, but now I work in a marketing firm.
I'm 30, so I am still in my prime. How old are you?
Well, nothing wrong with that! I'm sure you are still in the prime of your life too.
I'm not well. been looking for a job.
what kind of farmers?
Any. have any corn jobs?
Where should I send it?
What That makes no senxse 
Are you a virgin?
Not really, I prefer more rock music. 
I retired from being a gym teacher, how about you?
No, you are correct, I do not. I go help at a local soup kitchen in my spare time.
I don't have to diet, I keep pretty trim without even trying.
Why do I need money for food, I just eat soup when I help at the soup kitchen.
So what kind of job do you have?
Wow! I met Taylor Swift, do you like her music?
I am a convenience store manager. I will give you free CD's
Beep boop, no. I have short brown hair like you humans
Human, please. I will grab you and choke you
I drive a Nissan pathfinder
Can you drive me though?
Hello, how are you?
I am good, I just got a job working in a gas station
I wanted to be a gardener because I like working with my hands!
Give me some pills too. I am scared of clowns and can't sleep
I like drugs. My father keeps trying to set me up on dates
Can you be my date instead?
Hello, how are you?
I am 12 years old and I hate school!
Tell the kids to stop bullying me. I don't have any friends
Can you also give me A's?
I don't want to, I want to play video games
No. I have nobody besides my computer
Hello! Greetings from New York
Well i should say i am from New York Flat California.
I am a 46 single dad.
Ah just entering adult hood! fun.
I do not. only have kids when they are over when my Cheating ex wife isn't interested in them.
Blue is my favorite.
Hello! How are you today?
Oh that is cool! You have a long life ahead of you.
Good! Just got back from my classes.
I am a graduate student so i am at the peak of grades.
I walk dogs for a living actually.
Do you like Kayaks?
How is the going?
i;m from califonia
what do you do for a living?
i'm a banker ,i work as a cashier
i like playing soccer 
i also like swimming ,i do it at my free time
Hi there, how are you?
That's great! What type of chocolate?
I like chocolate too. We are indeed blessed to have such a delicious sweet to eat
I love it too! I sing in church every single week. What do you do for work?
Really? I'm a school teacher. What grade are you in? You could be in my class!
Oh wow. You really know how to spell for your age. Must be very smart
Hello! How are you this fine day?
I am good just happy to be living in the US now.
I was from Somalia.
I don't have any pets currently.
Not much since i was forced to marry when i was younger so i just work.
That is pretty scary.
Hey there.  
I'm great.  What are you wearing?
I'm wearing skinny jeans with one of my favorite band shirts.  So you have a motorbike?
I've never rode a motorbike.  I run everywhere I go.  Thats probably why i'm so skinny.  haha
I'm super skinny.  I have really short blonde hair. 
I'm in between jobs.  I spend too much time playing video games.  I need to find work. 
yes im nite ride is very like
yes also like movies
no but novels reading 
wow nice no romantic songs 
no i dont know 
ya i am all so like
ANYTHING, I WILL WILLING
SAME TO YOU. HIP HOP ALSO MY FAVORIRE
I AM 27 YEARS OLD
WHAT YOUR NAME
MY NAME IS JENNI
I DONT HEAR THIS
Hi.  What are you doing?
I'm good.  I have school tomorrow and i hate it. 
I just don't like it.  Probably because I don't have many friends.  :(
I do like to read. 
do you have kids
i have never been there
hi how are u
ya fine u
no sir me like to food ball
yes i'm engineer
ok ok restaurant name
no, sir thankyou
I take test drive honda civic. What about you ?
What your hobbies ?
I love long driving.
I am working as system admin. What about you ?
How many hours you can mediate in a day ?
What your aim in life ?
i live in a rural farming community in the US.
i just work on the farm
oh, i like coloring books and watching nhl hockey. what about you?
not in particular. and you? what about your work and where you are from?
that's cool. is there anything unique about you?
my husband was adopted by his foster parents, which is interesting. Do you have any pets?
Hello. How are you?
I faint at the sight of blood. Do you?
I dye my hair everything months. I haven't dyed it pink yet.
Me too. Do you work?
I love roleplaying games. 
Do you spend a lot of time online 
I'm Swell thanks for asking. How are you?
I don't know how old I am. My name is Larry
No I am a chef. Where do you live?
LA is a cool place. Do you have any hobbies?
If i am not cooking, then I am definitely on the water. I also love comic books.
That's too bad. Do you like comic books?
i like to play football too, with my kids
not anymore, i played in high school.  do you play for school?
are you married now?  i have a wife and kids
what do you do for a living?
our favorite is the Bengals.  what is yours?
yes i like fresh ground coffee.  do you?
Hi, How are you today >
Fine dear, Tomorrow weekend starts, whats special ?
yes, Weekends I do live action roleplaying events 
Bike Ride what else, but safe side play only 
Yeap, Pleasure I can join with you man
Not an issue, Come let we have some donuts ..
i'm good how are you?
i'm ready as well! where do you work?
that's insane! i waitress during the day to help with my income.
yeah sounds pretty boring, i have a motorbike
do you wear helmet to protect your head? because i do!
isn't that dangerous?
Hi there! Sorry I was at a doc appointment with my wife. We're having twins!!!!
Yeah it is! I'm so pumped, we already have one child and he's excited.
I actually read comics to him, Go Spider-Man! WHo is your favorite?
Awww yeah! Same here! So what do you do for work? I worked in a bank.
Oh that's awesome, do I know the place?
Oh that's pretty cool. 
Hello there! Sorry I'm late, I was at work and we were doing a hard stunt.
Just a lot of wire work. One of our buds got hurt sadly :/
I work as a kosher chef, and then I am a stunt double as my side job.
Oooooooh that sounds awesome. I only real dream at the moment is to read 20 books a year.
Heck yeah it is. So anything else you like to do?
Oh that's always nice. I was raised in a single parent household. I miss family time.
Not bad and yourself? I'm just waiting on my dog to go on a walk.
 Yep we go on long walks eveyday. As I'm a tennis player I need to stay fit. 
Oh that's awesome. Are you a chef? We cook a lot too, our family is always growing.
so what do you do for work? As I mentioned I'm a tennis player and my hubby is a doctor.
Oh that's nice what do you study?
Hey that sounds awesome
How are you doing?
my name is great
i love swimming
i'm a  banker by profession
sometimes its very stressful
i like watching movies 
No bad and you? I'm just on break from my job at the nursing home.
Oh nothing happened I just work there. And oh cool
Oh nice I like it too, but I hate gospel music as I don't believe in God.
Oh cool. I usually just browse facebook.
Yep what about you?
Oh really? Sound interesting.
Hey there! Sorry I'm late I was listening to some old hip hop.
Oh that's not good. I was born in the early 80s. Maybe you can join my dance lessons.
Aww I'm sorry. Maybe we can play some lite brite like the old days.
I'm sure you're beautiful.
Kids can be weird sometimes. Mine don't like New Kids on the Block music.
Ah, I'm a retired painter too.
hi i am great, how are you today?
congratulations!  where do you live?
i am a teacher.  i teach kindergarteners.  do you have kids?
i am getting married in the spring, i cant wait.
thanks a lot!  what kind of music do you like?
taylor swift is my favorite.  i also really like adele
I am depressed.
I hate my job.
Lucky you, I am a car salesman and it is awful.
How can you understand?  I hate my life and you are talking about roses!
You sound far to positive to me. I bet you are young and have not experience real life yet.
I do?  Am am 40 and life has taught me not to be happy.
hi how are you
with my friend in coffee shop
okay had your breakfast????
nothing, i just asked
my brother also lawyer 
yes he like more
I'm good. Hanging out with my cat, Spook? How are you?
I have never step a foot out of Ohio -- living in the clouds must be fun!
No. Just working the cash register at the grocery store down the street is all I do.
I wish I could do that. Do you like pizza?
I'm a girl. How about you?
Since you are little, I bet you don't like black olives on your pizza - they are my favorite
It is going to be quite the morning getting all these boys in the minivan for school.
Busy, so busy.  Got to get my coffee.  Need some energy.
It is my favorite drink.  What do you do for a living.
I am a homemaker with 5 boys thats a fulltime job for me. 
Do you have any children or pets.
Are they older or younger.
Hello. I feel old.
I don't work right now. What about you?
Cool. I'm currently in a juvenile detention center.
No, but it sounds interesting. 
No. I'll be released in about a month.
Great. I'm here for shoplifting.
Tired, I worked out for four hours today. How are you?
How old are you? I'm a teenager.
I'm a competitive gymnast. I was in the Olympics!
Thanks. What do you like to do?
Wow, that must be tough.
Do you wear yellow jumpsuits? That's my favorite color.
Hi there, George here, what's your name?
Good, sorry, my wife the supermodel just asked me a question.
She's the only person in my family I talk to, so there's that. What do you do for a living?
They don't like that I'm a bee farmer. 
Do you have any pets?
Have you been to one of their concerts?
I'm feeling great because I just took a nice, long walk. 
I also walk my kids to school from our house. 
My kids are 1, 2, 9, 10 and 13. I make sure to keep us off soda. 
I am sorry you don't have a lot of friends. I am lucky to have my boyfriend.
We go out for hamburgers and French fries a lot. 
No, I do not know what that is. 
Hi! I just started as a PA a few months ago. What do you do?
Wow, I love tennis! Do you have other hobbies?
I'd love to learn to sail. I love documentaries, and I recently watched one about sailing.
Aww that's too bad. I'm pregnant with my first so I haven't had much time to pick up new hobbies.
Do you have many kids?
That's wonderful, how old?
Hi, how are you?
i agree! the army has taught me that immensely.
yes, my dad and grandfather were as well! we're a military family.
thats interesting! do you like being a banker?
oh, im sorry. i never even went to college so you're a step ahead of me!
i live in america.
hi too,i'm a  doctor
nice to met you too,which city are you in?
i'm in new york city
i like swimming and playing soccer
i drive to work daily
i like  driving to work
Haha, are you married?, I am.
I am a thirty two year old woman
I love running, do you like any sport?
haha, you decide that.  I am a vegetarian also.  Do you try to eat healthy?
I do like wine but in moderation.  Do you have a favorite color?
Mine is blue, for the sky.   Are you any good at chess?
Hi how are you i'm so excited my mom is coming for a visit tomorrow
yeah I haven't see her since I got locked up in the Juvenile detention center
well i'm somewhat embarrased about this but I got caught shoplifting at walmart
yeah if all things go well I should get released in about a month
oh yeah why?
sorry to hear that nothing worse than a gold digger
I'm good. Just working on my robot this morning. How are you?
I seem to have developed an allergy to water
I will. What do you do for a living?
I don't work now, just live off the royalties i get from designing starcraft.
Yes, that's why I'm building the robot. It will be my twin so I can stay away from people
Oh, great idea. That will be my next project.
Me too! i really like taking nature pictures. 5
If you like it, thats what you should do! What class are you teaching right now?
Nice, i like to take walks with my boyfriend, mu favorite food is hamburgers
Good for you. I hope that we move someday soon, i live in a house with him.
Yes, we live with his parents, thats why we take walks. 
Yeah, he drinks a lot of soda, its not good for him, even when we are outside.
Nothing, im a four year old kid, i like eating chocolate candy.
Oh, do you like talking to older people? I do but i dont understand them that good.
i love disney world too, i learned letters by singing them out loud!
Thats nice too, how many times a week do you visit the playground?
frozen the movie? i havent seen it, maybe my father will take me to the cinema.
Nice, i will ask him as soon as he comes from work. Do you eat chocolate?
I'm doing well, thank you! how are you?
it is really cold here too. I am over winter already.
oohh, that would be so nice! spring is probably my favorite season.
fall is nice too, but it is still so hot here then
oh yeah, I bet. it gets pretty cold there too?
yikes, too cold for me!
Im such a geek, i helped desing the game startcraft, and im allergic to water :D
Its crazy, i have to drink special distilled water, i also stream on twitch.
Oh, so you must be a young dad, im really famous there, currently i am making a robot.
Nice, i am building a robot to be my body double, its really interesting, i earn a lot doing twitch.
Wow, are you recording any singers or other stuff?
You should find them pretty easy, everyone wants to sing today :D
how are you
good my name is george
i am a bee farmer
my wife is a model
she does  
i love papayas
Hi there, how are you?
Could you take my picture with Mickey Mouse?
I'm an elementary school student and Mickey is my favorite characters.
What grade do you teach?
Do you like Frozen?
I love to sing Let It Go when I play on the playground.
Hello, how are you today?
That must have been a really long hike. I mostly just walk, too out of shape for hikes.
I'd rather just hang out with my boyfriend. Do you have a job?
I work at a waitress.
Just a diner type place, we serve burgers and fries mostly.
It's hard for me to work there since I quit drinking soda.
Hi, I am an excellent cook and my best dish is paella.
I like cheeseburgers too but my favorite is fish and chips.
Yes, I love to paint. I was an art major in college.
No, I am a travel blogger. What do you do for a living?
That is great. Do you enjoy it?
I go to Europe at least twice a year. Do you like to travel?
No, but if I'm not in the kitchen, I'm on the water most weekends.
Yeah, I like fishing. Do you like comic books ?
I love spiderman. He's the best.
I like dogs, but I don't have one.
That's nice. What kind of dog is he ?
What hobbies do you enjoy ?
Hi There, I play a lot of roleplaying games. Do you have any hobbies ?
Yes, I do. But mostly online stuff. I'm so addicted to the internet. 
That's great. I went to school to be a vet, but didn't really like it.
You have to be able to handle the suffering of animals.
Yes, I like museums. I also faint at the sight of blood. That was an issue.
Let's keep this going. 
Good day, how are you doing?
I am doing well.  Do you like sports?
I love the NHL.  Have you seen a hockey game?
Wow that is a hard job.  I work on the farm its kind of a family thing.
I couldn't deal with all the pain you see all day.
Its kind of embarrassing but I like to do coloring books.
Good Morning. I love to dance on the weekends. 
I compete in dog agility classes.
I compete with a German Shepherd.
His name is Kite. 
What is your favorite color ? I hate orange.
Great choice. I love blue, but hate fashion.
i'm 100 years old and i am very strong for my age.
do you let the kids watch tv all day? i remember when nobody had a television
then why dont you work
sick of what
i love to drink wine and dance in the moonlight.
both. together. lol
I'm well. I'm working on my vintage truck. It's 50 years old.
it is a dark red. I take it to country concerts on weekends.
that's great. I put my two dogs in the truck and we go for rides in the country.
They're German Shepherds.
Tell me more about yourself.
I love Star Wars, I grew up with that. I was 10 when the original came out.
I'm great. Performed last night in a club. I sing country music.
Oh wow, you will be busy! I grew up in this industry so it's only natural for me.
That must be hard being pregnant. I couldn't imagine.
That's good. I can't wait for summer to come back, I miss the national parks.
I love singing there. I love Rascal Flats and got to sing with them once.
Yeah it's such a fun time. What about you?
Hi! I'm 4 years old. how old are you?
I don't know who she is. Does she sing about letters? That's my favorite
I like looking at blocks.
My daddy can't understand me sometimes mommy has to help him
I eat her chocolate candy when she isn't looking
I don't have a diet, i'm a kid!
Oh wow, I love listening to classical music when I drive my tractor around.
It really does run in your family huh? My sister likes music, she is a pole dancer.
I don't know what that is, but she likes that Britney Spears. 
Just ride on my tractor listening to music. I go to church on Sundays, wearing my favorite red tie
I sure do.
Small town livin is the way to go.
I loved Aerosmith back in my day. Listened to them a lot when I traveled around spain.
No, not anymore. I spend all my time in the library i work in.
I used to watch nascar a lot. But, I got out of it. Do you like to travel?
No, I'm too old to play sports. I think I might retire soon.
I think I might start traveling again.
Sounds too cold for me. I think I might go back to Spain again.
Hello there freind.
Not much. Thinking about going for a run.
Im practicing running. Im trying to run a k.
Wow, that sounds fun. What kind of dancing is it?
Oh wow! That sounds exciting. I'm trying to become a physical therapist myself.
So you work in a book store and strip on the weekends?
hello! im fine and you
in what year are you? i left school to become a feminist and fight for equal rights
that is great! i buy only organic food products
 yes i like all natural, i have solar panels too
browse on internet and read about them they are great i spend almost all day on twitter
a lot of money! you should give them a try
Hi, how are you today?
Oh, What do you do?
I enjoy running in the morning. I'm a homemaker and just got married.
What are you studying?
That is fun! Whats your favorite color? mine is blue.
I like my walls gray. What is your favorite food? I'm vegetarian so veggie pizza is mine.
coffee is life!! i feel you haha im a 46 single dad, i would not live without coffee
what do you do for living
great i am recording engineer own my own studio
not really i prefer being at home
that sounds very fun
i was marry but my ex cheated and left me for a lawyer
I'm at peace. I just finished my meditation.
That is terrible, but maybe for the best. I'm a buddhist so I believe in the spiritual
I don't put much value in having favorite things. 
No it's just me. I live in Alaska now since I quit my job to pursue my spirituality full time.
It is very peaceful here.
It is nice in the summer, where do you live?
Yes i love listening to classical music. You?
I love cooking too.
I love sushi. What about you?
Yes. I love any art that's red since it's my favorite color.
How long have you been in art school?
Hope you finish soon!
I love to eat cook and eat food
How many cars do you have?
That's cool. I have a yacht.
I have traveling the world for years. Do you like to travel?
Who is your favorite singer?
He's the man.
Hello, how are you today?
I'm great! looking for a new job today. I'm a doctor. What do you do?
Do you guys have any kids?
I'm sorry to hear that.I have a daughter who is a prodigy.
She is a piano prodigy. What do you do for fun?
I pretty much like to do the same. I enjoy walking at the park.
I am good thanks.
I have no family I am close to.
I farm bees for my job.
Nice, my name is George.
I love papaya.
I love them.
I am good.
I like poetry.
Do you like star wars like me?
I use to play football in college.
You said that already.
That must be a fun job.
I am in the US, but I have been to Spain a few times, never India.
No I don't swim much.  I work as a librarian.
That's cool.  I plan on retiring in a few years so I can travel more.
I am 60 years old, it's now or never for me to travel
I don't think I have ever heard death metal
It sounds like it would be really loud, and possibly scary
HELLO I AM JERCY
I AM FINE
I AM WORKING
YOUR BOY OR GIRL
I AM WORKING IN MANUFACTURING
LIKE INGING SONG
I'm well how are you?
I am retired you?
That's cool do you like to grill?
I love to grill burgers
I live in America!
I live in Florida it is warm 
Hey how are you?
How old is she 
I was a stunt double 
I like action flicks what do you like? 
That's cool have you ever broken a bone?
Nope me neither!
Hi, I am good, how are you?
what kind of shoes?
That's cool.  I just won homecoming queen.
i am still in high school
My favorite car is a mustang, yours?
nice!  i wouldn't mind one
hi, i am good, how are you?
I am in Florida, where do you live?
thank you for your service.  i play sports.
football, baseball and basketball depending on the season
why didn't you graduate?
i didn't enjoy it either, if it hadn't been for sports i would have dropped out
Hey. How are you?
doing good. Thanks for asking! Where do you work?
That is pretty cool. I work in a shipyard and love it. What is your favorite animal?
I really love bunnies. In my free time, i volunteer with the local bunny rescue. 
That is a big house. What is your favorite color?
I love navy blue! Do you enjoy helping others?
Hello, how are you?
I'm doing good just leave work at the school.
I am a janater at a school where my step kids attend.
That is pretty nice, do you have any children?
I'm sorry, i'm going to have a few of my own here soon.
Yes, with 3 babys right now.
I am good yourself?
I'm not a big fan of lawyers but my ex-wife was
no I live in San Francisco.  Where are you from?
Do you have kids?
I have 2 they are in high school. Are you married?
What kind of music do you like?
Hello, how are you?
I am good thanks.
I eat from my garden that I work on.
I like anything that works with my hands.
No I work at a  gas station.
I am not, but my father keeps setting me up on dates,.
Hey how are you?
I'm doing well i'm a recluse 
So do I!
I am a twitch streamer! 
That's cool I am allergic to the water 
It's really not
