Hello, how are you today?
Hi, george, john, wayne, paul mccartney, robert downey jr, charles lee, michael jackson
What do you enjoy doing besides playing?
Bikes? Bike riding? Hiking? Mountain biking?
I do not work so I don't do much. What about you?
I'm a financial advisor for the local finance firm.
Five brothers and three sons and seven grandsons
My youngest son loves chocolate candy
That's funny! I love cats!
Thank you! What about you?
What would you say you would have to do to make people think that you could do that?
I do like iced coffee!
Hi how are you today
I am playing piano guitar
What do you do for a living
I love classical music I like folk and hip hop
Your dream is to be a parent
I teach violin and play cello drums
19 26, 16, 18, 23, 17, 22, 25, 27, 21, 20, 11, 14, 13, 15, 28, 9, 30, 24, 12,
How many years have you been in your life?
My grandfather was a naval officer who served in the us military
It is very cold here, so not much warm here
What do you like to cook?
I eat breakfast while eating lunch
Hi how are you today
I am good do you work
A little boy who loves my son
What is the name of your heart
It is a genetic liver transplant
What types of objects do you like to see
Hello, how are you today?
Working construction is a lot of work.
Yes, wrestling wrestlers and wrestler athletes.
What did he teach? What do you do?
I've built 10 houses in the last 15 years.
No pets. Cats are dogs and cat owners.
I am doing well today. How about you?
Very good, thank you. What do you do for work?
I enjoy listening to music and playing video games.
Facebook? Twitter? Fb? Youtube? Reddit? Instagram? Pinterest? Blog? Blogs? Forums? Podcasts?
My favorite is blue suede shirt, brown jeans and pink skirt.
What kind of feminist feminism?
Happy 32 years from now! 35! 30! 25! 20! 40! 15! 50! 65! 10! 45
She sends whatever she sent it to me when I moved to my first home!
What do you plan to do after you divorce?
I do not know much about what you hate just about anything. What else do you like?
What kind of car is it?
My husband had a wife and she took me to see him last year.
Hi how are you today
Where do you rock on the rocks
No I don't have any pets
I work from home that's what I do
What is the secret now?
Not sure what that is but what does that have to do with what you are saying
I am doing well today, how about you?
Very nice, thank you. Thanks for asking.
San diego, california
Los angeles, cali
Not really, but there are so many things I do not know about what it would be like
I'm in the living room right now, currently in a studio apartment
I am great today. How about you?
I love cooking. I live in urban farming.
I cook chicken and garlic bread.
Rhode island? Newport beach?
Parks, museums, concerts, malls, restaurants, park halls, hiking trails, camping, and horseback riding.
You should name him and you will see what they have made you want to call him.
Hello, 26, 20, 25, 24, 16, 23, 15, 18, 22, 17, 13, 27, 21, 19, 14, 28, 11, 9, 30
You should cook for me, I can bake you a good meal
How many years have you traveled?
Do you have any other hobbies?
Why do not you do something that is not what you want to do?
Mmm yum yummy delicious!!
Hello, how are you today?
Hi! I am great! Thanks for asking!
Elementary school teacher in college students taught me combat skills
I play board game games on my spare time.
Parents are teachers, and they teach me martial arts.
Why do you say that? I do not know what I would do if I knew what you saying
Hi! I am well, thanks! How about you?
Not currently, I have been working from home for a few years now.
Pizza kitchen is my favorite food!
My parents are very wealthy, they are poor people.
You can still retire in a lifetime.
Nope! Haha. Yeah I guess that's okay lol.
Hi how are you today
Where do you plan to travel to
I like to bird watch birds
What is your favorite board game
I love christian classical music
I am an activist. What about you?
I reside in ohio near alabama
Tacos are good, but not as much as burritos
I play the soccer team
My brother is older than me
I'm currently living in the home of the families in my parents basement
Math, algebra, physics, I hate calculus
I love rock and pop music! I listen to my favorite band while listening
Farmer, father, wife, daughter, husband, mother, married son, retired brother
I like to go to the park and explore different areas of fields and field
Horses are beautiful. My family loves horseback riding
You should try it sometime you can find something to do when you need it
Thank you so much! It is very expensive but worth it if you could afford it
Won the bronze medal for the 2004 olympic olympics in 1986
Dogs and cats with two kitties
Peanut butter vanilla cream flavored chocolate chip cookies and caramel mocha icing
Mmmm mmm yum yummy delicious
What do you mean you do not know what that means?
What about you? Why? What happened? How did that happen?
So ready to get to know you!
Are you single with a boy or a girl?
Oh ok. I used to be a painter but now I work here. You?
What do you do for a living?
I'm a retired accountant.
It is a very difficult job but very rewarding.
Hey! I am doing ok I guess. What do you do?
Right outside the alley in the area near the corner of central park.
I do not know what I would do if I did not have to do that.
I'm a professional lawyer, a law attorney and a court clerk
40 years old and still young
53, 43, 46, 47, 36, 44, 42. 38. 49. 45. 35. 59. 79
Hi! Hello! I am okay, thanks! How about you?
My parents are farming farmers and harvesting crops.
Peanut butter, corn, lettuce, onions, peas, tomatoes, potato chips, peanuts
Send me a resume if you want me to ask you a new job.
I love horses and arabian mustangs.
What do you mean you do not know what you are going to do when you start working?
Miley cyrus and britney spears. I love justin bieber.
I teach for a living and work as a manager at a soup kitchen.
I am a retired school teacher at the gym.
Mmm yummy! I like spicy foods.
No I do not but I can help you with that.
Yeah I guess that's smart.
I just got back from a drive with my friend who I had 2 years ago.
Oh yeah? Wow I am sorry I guess I cant say I hear ya lol
No I do not like to be rude
It is hard to get away from my car
I don't think musk likes elon thiel
Toyota camry corolla acura kawasaki nissan sx
Hi how are you doing?
Good thank you for asking. What do you like to do for fun?
Where in city did you move to?
You should take medications and use medicines for drugs
I have chronic aneurysm complications from recovering kidney surgery and urinary cancer
Yes it is very annoying but so worth it
Hi how are you today
Where do you move to
Very funny joke lol I hate school
Yeah tell them to stop bullying me
I do not have a lot of time to do that
Three sisters and two siblings
Hi how are you doing?
I am good thanks for asking
I'm pretty old what about you
20, 15, 18, 16, 17, 25
No I don't but that's cool
The color of the sky is blue
Hello, how are you today?
3, 4, 10, 7, 9, 8, 11, 1, 2, 15
Its going good! Just got back from a walk! You?
I'm in grade school, 5, 6, 12, 16, 18, 13
What do you like to eat? I do not know what I want to do yet
I love chocolate chip cookies and caramel vanilla ice cream
Hi how are you doing?
Where is the place where you are from where where do you live
Manhattan upstate pennsylvania ny
Business management customer service
That's really cool that's fun
I love driving my ford mustang
Hi how are you today
Do you eat chocolate with peanut butter or vanilla ice cream
Candy with honey milk and caramel cookies
Yeah I sing singing sings songs
I teach young children how to be a teacher
What grade were you in high school
Hello, how are you today?
Looking for a new recipe for dinner sale!
I'm from the united states, from where I was originally from, where you are from and where do you live?
No pets, dogs cats cat dog pet animals
I knit sweaters, scarf, knitted hats, and crochet
My fear of dying is worse than death
Hi how are you today
Good what do you like to do for fun?
I wear skinny jeans and tee shirts
What are some of the things you are getting around about?
Light brown and grey eyes and pink hair
I am a blonde girl and waitress
Do you drive a lot of car drives?
I like superhero movies
Love romance novels and romantic novel
My favorite song is a girl
Cooking, baking, and eating gourmet food
That's cool I don't swim
Music lessons and dance lesson. How about you?
I don't really like hiphop but I do love rap
I can hold you down if you want to take me to a party
Born and raised in my old age
Hi kelly I am michelle
Punk rock band and indie bands
Hi how are you today
I am good do you work
What is the significance of the planet
And then you have to move to the other side to see how it turns out
I love reading books and hanging out with friends
I hate spain and europe
Hi how are you doing?
Good thanks. What do you do for work? I do not know how to do that.
I play soccer, basketball, baseball, playing volleyball
No I am not working right now. I just want to be able to go to school.
What kind of restaurant is it?
Jason scott, james lewis, john wayne, jim carrey, tyler bryan
Hi how are you today
What is buddhist then buddhists
I meditate while listening to music
I do not know what that is but it does sound like a very interesting job
How long have you been doing that
It is colder than the average weather
Hello, I am from a rural area where I live. How about you?
Yes, a little bit, but it is a nice job.
My hobbies are hobby and sports.
I play a lot of hockey.
I attended school when I was a elementary teacher.
They were both teachers and students who were taught to teach young children.
Hi how are you today
I am good thanks for asking
I love pink what color is it?
Do you ever chew gum
I really don't know what that's
You should drink more coffee and eat more drinks
Hi! Hello! I am dave! Thank you! Please tell me about yourself!
4 11 12 10 13 9 7 1 17 14 15 16 23 34 6 19 8. 21 24 5 22 3
I'm a grad student studying robotics
Do you ride a bus?
Football team, basketball coach, soccer player
Math is a good class
I play football at basketball games
I played pro league player at baseball game
My wife and kids are the best
My daughter and son are both married and we are twins
My favorite team of all time
Yes I drink iced coffee
Hi how are you today
Doing alright I guess. What do you do?
Yeah I wanna go to the crazy clown posse concert
I play a lot of game playing games
I've played chess before
Yea I cant wait till monday night
Afternoon, morning, evening, day, night, friday, thursday, and sunday.
I just got done working out. What do you do?
I love horses and horse cattle.
Those are very diverse fields to have in the field.
I bike riding bikes and ride my bicycle when I race.
Pop music is my favorite band.
Hi how are you today
Wow awesome what kind of music do you like
I read comics and comic book books
Cool whats your favorite harry potter movie
I cook vegetarian dishes with mashed potatoes
That's very random I don't know what that's
Hi how are you today
I don't like to stunt
Yeah I love dealer do you read books?
Oh wow that's cool I sell tootsie rolls
What is your dream job
Enjoy your family and friends
Hello! I am well, thanks! How about you?
Thank you! My husband and I love long walks with our dog.
2 3 11 16 5 1 10 9 12 15 22 8 23 7 17 34 19 21 25 20 6 18 14 31 28
I'm a professional tennis player, what is your profession?
What other part of the world have you been studying?
Which field of business do you want to go to?
Hello, how are you today?
I am doing well. Just got back from a long day at the city.
I wish I was a swimming coach.
I work as a computer programmer.
It is great for working out and having money to do what you love.
It helps relieve stress and pain.
Hi! I am well, thanks! How about you?
What kind of vintage car do you have?
Country concert concerts are fun. I spend most weekends on facebook during social gatherings.
Ford mustangs are my favorite!
I do not think I did because I don't believe in god.
What is the opposite of that?
Hi how are you today
I was born in the early 77
Sorry to hear that hope you feel better soon
It has been hard not being kind but it is worth it
What do you do for a living
How old is your son
I'm eating raw food for dinner
My husband bought me a house after my first wife recently got married
I'm a teacher at a school in massachusetts
Two boys and three girls are awesome
Thank you! Congratulations. Congrats!!
The stones and the stone rolling
Hi! I am ok thank you. What do you do?
Yes I do. I wish I could do something like that but I hate my job.
What kind of travel guide?
Love planting flowers and roses growing orchids.
Very interesting. Have you read any good books lately?
Not a judgemental person. Just a little immature.
Hi how are you today
Not too bad do you have pets
What is your favorite place to shop
You should ask me what you want to do if you do not mind me asking
Then become lawyer to pursue legal law
He wants to be attorney general
Hi! Hello! I am okay, thanks! What do you do?
That sounds like a lot of fun!
No, I don't have a superpower.
You should try to stop while you are away from the store!
Boy girl! I'm a woman!
My mom is a young lady! She loves pizza!
Hi how are you today?
Not doing much doing just doing what do you do?
Oh I am sorry I do not drink coffee lol
Haha yeah I know what you mean
Yea I guess I cant say I think so huh?
Kids are not children they are boys and girls
Hi! I am doing ok. How about you?
Okey dokey. Hows it going?
Hong kong? Japan? France? Asia? Singapore?
Oh yeah? Engineer? Engineering? Biology? Science?
My house is my own home. My apartment has a garage.
Cool. What is your favorite food?
Hi! Hello! I am doing ok, thank you! What do you do?
I understand that feeling. I feel the same way.
I went to school for gymnastics.
Thanks! It was awesome!
That must have been such a traumatic experience.
Oh that's a bummer. Hopefully you don't have to go to work tomorrow.
Hi how are you today
Hello I'm bob I am alice
Yeah she a famous fashion designer
I shop at the grocery store that sells groceries
I was a farmer growing up farming and harvesting bee farm
I have never heard of that band
Hi, I am doing well, thank you. What do you do?
I take walks a walk through the park while walking down the street.
They are 8 years old.
I do not have many friends but I would love to get to know you
My boyfriend has a girlfriend and she wants me to marry her
No I'm not very good at it.
Hello. Looking foward to the chat. Thanks for chatting.
What sport are you pro tennis or hockey player?
I enjoy golf and boating.
You have to stay away from your wife.
It has been a long time since I started my new job.
My husband and first child is my baby boy.
Hello, how are you today?
It is! What a wonderful day this is going to be every morning!
I don't know what that's!
My father had his own business before he was a financial advisor.
I graduated from graduating high school, was valedictorian in 10th grade.
I live on the west coast, what about you?
Living in a retirement home, how about you?
How baby deliver nurse delivery?
San francisco, california
I want to go visit my grandkids someday
5 miles is a long time to walk the 3 mile radius I volunteer at
Yes I am brave and courageous
Bath time? I am getting ready to go to bed.
I think I am old I guess. I got married when I was young.
I run for the most part of my life. What about you?
It is a sports sport. Chess and tennis are my hobbies.
Yeah I don't drink too much alcohol but I try to eat healthy.
It depends on your mood and moderation.
Hi how are you today?
Thank you for the visit I am glad you are happy
I had to lock my door and locked it down
Yeah I think so too what else do you like to do
What kind of job is it?
That's terrible that's awful
Good afternoon, morning! Today is my day off.
Eat breakfast while eating lunch!
I do not know what that is but I guess it does not matter what you tell me.
I stay home with my family.
Thank you! What is your favorite thing to make?
You could walk your dog to the park and get him to take walks.
Photography, photos, photographs, pictures, photo sharing!
Art is my passion, I take long walks
I speak french, spanish, english, and fluent fluently
In my apartment, hamburgers and fries
More like bigger than a big house
There is nothing better than being alone
I'm living in an apartment with a lot of people
A second grade teacher and third graders are the best
Disney is cool I like mickey ds
Playing the outdoor pool is fun
My favorite song of any music is songs
It is but its not as good as it has its its it its great
Hello! I am great, thanks! How about you?
Is it cold where you are?
What do you like to do for fun?
I love fall and spring in the winter so summer is my favorite time of year
I'm in idaho in oklahoma, missouri
What is the significance of the weather?
Hi how are you doing?
I do not know what I would do without water
I twitch on my free time
Robot robots do you like video games?
That is a good career you must be an engineer
What kind of artists are they artist?
Hi how are you today
I'm good do you work
I love soup and salad
Retired school teacher I was a nurse
Yes she loves it she does everything she wants she just does not know what she is
Cheeseburgers and cheeseburger fries
Hi how are you doing?
I am so sorry I cant see you lol
I love mickey ds minnie mouse
I m fluent in english fluently
Where is your apartment located
I wish I had kids but I am in the 3rd grade
Hi how are you today
Sick sore huh my knees hurt my knee
Do you hike or hikes on hiking trails
Computer engineer mechanical engineering
Italian food restaurant seafood cafe
I've a dog and a cat
Hi how are you today
I don't eat cheeseburgers and hamburgers
Cooking stews and potato chips
No it does not work that is the main source of information
I love to cook pasta and salad
That's something that's important to me
I attend the church during the day.
It is very nice outside here in the south. Where are you from?
Read comics books, reading, writing novels, science fiction, mostly sci fi
I do not do any of those, but they do have some good ones
You should follow the follows of the rules, that is the only one that counts
I like golden retrievers and labrador retriever
Hi how are you today
Yes I like r b and d
It is an internet addiction
They didn't but don't know why I didn't
The art museums are the best part of the museum
It helps relieve stress when you drink that tea calms my nerves
Hi how are you today
I am good do you work
I like sport sports what about you
I'm a customer service representative
I do not know what that is but it does not matter if it is or not
I relax to unwind and go to the park relaxing
Hi how are you doing?
Do you coach any soccer players?
He is a dog type. What is your name?
He has his names on his and his nickname
Oh wow I wish I was india
I dyed mine orange and blue
Hi! I am good thanks! What do you do?
Oh wow! That's awesome! Lol I cant wait till I retire! Haha
He is a highschool junior. He was a freshman in high school
Yea I remember when people were sick
Early 2000s was the best time of year for retired
Red wine and white wines
Good afternoon, morning! Today is my day off!
It is color blue and the colors are purple!
I love reading poetry and writing poems
Canine dog dogs and cat cats
Italian shepherds german shepherd and french shepard
I like big star war movies
Good afternoon, morning! Today is my day off.
Were they expecting twins or triplets?
My parents taught me how to listen to them while I was at work.
It can be tough and hard but rewarding. What do you like to do in your spare time?
Cold weather, hot air, and warm rain.
It really is! I love it so much!
D. C. L. O. R. B. F. M. Y. H. E. P.
Does she know that britney timberlake does not like katy perry?
Cute little girl! She loves singing about sing songs!
Oh wow! I cant say I agree! Lol I think I am too old for iphone! Haha!
Omg yes!! She's so sweet! Ahahah I miss her so much!
I hate candy I don't eat it anymore cuz I can't stand sweets
What instrument do you play? Piano, instruments, guitar, violin, classical music
Violinist, cello, pianist, musician, composer, painter, bassist, guitarist, played professional dancer
I like to explore different areas of town, the mountains are breathtaking
I do not know what to say to what about what you do, you?
I live in the countryside, farm, farms, farmers, livestock, cows, farming, etc
I have owned a few acres of farmland, where are you located?
I love metallica. I like aerosmith
I travel around the world and visit places most of the time.
Nascar racer racing race is a great sports sport.
No I don't that's why I didn't go to spain.
Retire in a few years, retirement.
I have visited alaska before.
Hi how are you today
Whats poppin huh hows yo doin
I do not know what I mean
Dancing is fun do u dance
What is your favorite color
I'm in school studying biology
My day is going good so far. What about you?
I don't know what I want to do yet. I just can't get enough.
Physical therapy is a passion of mine.
Healthy foods are important to keep your mind active.
The solar panel has a large impact on renewable energy.
Saving money helps save the planet.
Hi how are you doing?
What did you get off work?
I run a few hours during the morning mornings
I wish I could date you
Kayak, kayaking, camping, fishing, and running
Blue, gray, grey, purple, green, yellow, teal, brown color
My ex cheated and left me for a lawyer
Drink coffee while drinking alcohol
I work as a contractor and own my own studio
I enjoy playing video games. What about you?
Mountain climbing, hiking, horseback riding, and biking
I love pink, I just bought a purple bike
Evening, sunset, sunrise, sunrises, day hike, morning hikes
Sorry to hear that. Hope he finds peace soon.
I like red, purple, blue, yellow, pink, green color, orange
Cats, dogs, pets, fish, pigs, animals, snakes, reptiles, birds, eggs, chickens
I do not know what I want to do yet, but I would love to be able to help
It is very relaxing and peaceful
My hobbies are reading books and listening to music.
I love greek cuisine. Paella is my favorite dish.
Fried chicken or chips with peanut butter?
I don't know what that's
That's cool. What is your major?
3 year is 1 2 years so it is far less than 5 months
Hi how are you today
I love classic cars
I have vintage mustang mustangs
I enjoy fishing and boating
That is cool what do you drive
Oh wow that's awesome
Hi how are you today
I'm good do you work
My daughter is a grown woman
I don't don't you don't
She was a young kid
I eat alot of junk stuff
How about you? What do you like to do when you are not here?
I do not have family that I am close to.
You can walk 3 miles a day while walking to the park.
My mom is a nurse and delivery attendant.
Lol!! Haha! I was kidding! Ahahah! Ha! Oh yeah? Wow! Funny!
Oops! George! John, wayne and newton!
How about you? What do you like to do when you are not doing what you love?
Got fired for firing a college football fan
I played softball for a baseball tourney
Oh yeah?? Nope I guess I am ok lol
I play volleyball at basketball games
What kind of insurance company?
Hi, I am from spain, india
Pool, swimming, basketball, and tennis
Library, computer programmer, programming, computers, libraries, books, etc
That is very noble of you
Heavy metal, punk rock, hip hop, classical music, soul
I don't know what that's like
Hi how are you today
I am good do you work
I don't know what that's but that's what I do
I do not do much you have to do what you need
I've been working out at least 5 times every week
It does not really feel like you can do anything you think you should
Hello! I am great, thank you! What do you do?
I do not know much about what you are doing, but I like doing that!
What is your religious beliefs?
You should grill up a barbecue and bbq!
Colorado, alaska. I love cold weather.
Washington state nebraska michigan pennsylvania florida wyoming nevada
Hi how are you today
Oh wow I am sorry. I wish I was myself
How many years ago do you have 9 months?
Horror movies are my favorite
I love movie comedies and comedy films
I have never been but I did not know that
Hi! Hello! I am ok thank you! How about you?
What kind of shoes do you wear?
That would be hard for me to do with high boots.
Currently living in an apartment with a lot of people in the area.
I do not have many cars but I would love to see them.
I bet they're beautiful.
Hello! I am ok thank you! How about you?
Oh I am sorry I guess I cant say I agree lol
Haha yea I know I just got a german shepard
I play sports and basketball
I didn't graduate college so I don't have a degree
I wish I did I never did cuz I do not think I could do it anymore
Hi how are you today
I am doing alright I guess
I play pro tennis professionally
He walks around the park with me and climbs up the stairs
That's a lot of house buildings
I love pink and purple
Hello, how are you today?
Hi! I am good, thank you. What do you do?
I teach elementary school. Teaching teaches young kids how to learn new things.
Happy birthday! My last birth was 17 years ago.
Don't know what that's. Don't tell me you don't like to don't don't
Yes I'm pregnant and my step child is divorced
Hey! I am alright! Hows it going?
Is lawyer lawyers a legal law attorney?
A little town and a few small towns
Miami fl nc michigan pennsylvania florida ohio georgia nevada tx
Nope I don't lol
How many farm farms have cows livestock farmers?
Hi how are you doing?
I'm good thanks for asking
Yes I did I love it
My hobbies are reading and gardening
I am a college student
No I'm a single super young girl
Hi how are you doing?
Tell me about yourself. What do you do on your spare time?
A board game of video games?
My students are teachers who have taught me how to teach them.
Nice! Beach beaches are the best!
You must not be able to be the person you will be if you do not have the ability to do that.
