Hello, how are you today?
Hi john! George orwell bob ross robert charles lee james paul joseph harvey michael jackson fred henry william patrick robbie samuel thomas
What do you enjoy doing besides playing sports?
Bike riding bikes ride around in fl near tampa florida
I don't work right now so I do not do much. What about you?
Finance, financial debt, mortgage taxes, bank loans, loan rates, mortgages, etc.
Six sons and seven son and three grandsons
My youngest grandson loves chocolate candy
That's funny! I love cats too!! Crazy weird guy huh?
1. ) 2. 4.. 3.? 9., 8. 15?!? 11. 03. 7. 07. 23. 04 10. 38. 02
You do not want people to know you would not be able to do what you think they would do
Coffee is my favorite drink. How about you?
Hi how are you today
I love playing piano guitar
Does that pay a bills amount of time
Sing folk classical music like punk rock
Parents are supportive and support your dream
My violin sings jazz clarinet plays cello vocals
18 26 23 19 31 11 22 9 15 21 25. 20 17 29 10 27 16 7 34 6 30 24 38 28 14 07 02 04 53 13 12 08 8 36
We need to get to know each other who is best in our world
My citizenship was in honor of my father who served in the us military
It is cold here right now so not too warm here
What do you like to cook? I do not eat meat
Ate breakfast cooked meal dinner lunch
Hi how are you today
Pretty good what do you like to do for fun
No boy I am a girl
Is your heart still in your body
I transplant to cancer hospital
How many objects can you object to
Hello, how are you today?
Working construction is a lot of work.
Athletes are wrestling wrestlers and wrestler fights.
What did he teach? I do not know what he thinks about me.
I've built building 10 houses in the last 5 years.
No pets. Cats are dogs and cat owners are not around animals.
Great! Today is my day off. How about you?
Very well. Thank you. What do you do for work?
What internet? Browsing web websites and online gaming?
Twitter? Facebook? Youtube? Reddit? Instagram? Pinterest? Blog? Website? Blogs? Tumblr? Fb? Irc? Forums? Blogger?
Brown hair, blue suede jacket, grey colored jeans and reddish pink leather shoes.
Feminist? Feminists? Feminism? Transphobia? Misogyny? Sexism? Patriarchy? Activist activism?
20! 25! 40! 35! 32! 45! 30! 15! 37! 50! 65! 10! 34! 49! 53! 55! 46! 54! 42! 68
The wife sent her all the money she sends when she moved to the country.
Divorce is worse than marriage. What do you plan to do when you get older?
I do not know anything about what you hate, but I think you should do something about it.
What is wrong with you?
She told me she wanted me to marry her but she got remarried. She will never see me again.
Hi how are you today
I'm resting on the couch and laying on my porch climbing up the stairs
No I don't that's why I have never had one
That's a hobby that's fun
What is the secret to the secrets?
He knows what he wants he does not know why he thinks he can do anything he wo not
I am well today, how about you?
Congrats! Thanks for asking, thank you! Good luck!
Ri wa irvine pa rhode island maine nc pennsylvania michigan ohio florida md ga nh tx
Cali is san diego. I love los angeles
There is not much there there, but there are so many things that we do not know about there
Living in california in a rural area, lived in the suburbs for years
Great! Today is my day off! How about you?
I love cooking. I live in urban farming.
I cook fresh veggies and bake chicken dishes with mashed potatoes and garlic bread.
Ri richmond nc pa irvine ky md maine nh ny
Parks and recreation museums, hiking, camping, and horseback riding
You should name him and you will have to see if you want to have a friend
17 19 11 31 15 22 9 23 25 16 7 34 28 29 21 07 26 10 18 1 6 8 14 13 12 04 46 27 20 24 08 38 36 30
I cook and bake as well as cooked as a grill chicken and mashed potatoes
2 years of traveling is one of my favorite times of the year
Those are all kinds of foods you should try all different types
I do not know what that is but it does not seem like it would be good
Mmmm mmm yum yummy delicious
Hello, how are you today?
Hi! I am great! Thank you! Thanks for asking!
Elementary school teacher teaching students lessons in nursing education!
I play board game playing games on the computer.
Teachers must have taught me combat skills. Parents would have to teach them to discipline.
Why do you say that? I do not know what I would do if I knew how to do it.
Hi! I am great today! Thanks for asking! How about you?
Not currently, I have been working from home for a while now. Where have you been?
Chicken kitchen dish soup food salad, yum!
My parents are very wealthy and poor. They grow up in the poorest growing economy.
You can retire in a lifetime while retiring from retirement.
Nope! Haha. Yeah I guess that's okay lol.
Hi how are you today
Where do you plan to travel for vacation
I love animals and birds
I play video games on the weekends
Christian classical music is modern classic
Whoa woah sounds boring lol yeah I hear loud noises huh
Alabama, illinois. I reside in tennessee
Tacos are delicious, but not as much as burritos
I play the soccer team in the game position
Nurses nurse? My brother is older than me.
Currently living in an apartment dwelling in a rural area
Math, calculus, algebra, physics, biology, maths, homework
I love rock band music! I listen to pop gospel songs while listening
Farmer, father, wife, husband, daughter, married son, retired brother
Well, fields and field activities are the most important part of working in the job industry
Arabian horse horses are beautiful
You can go anywhere if you need someone to help you then you get to see them
Very expensive but very pricey so it is cheaper
Won bronze medal award winning olympic medals for gold medalist in 1986
Dogs and cats cat and two kitties
Peanut butter vanilla cream flavored caramel mocha flavor chocolate chip cookies
Mmmm mmm yum yummy delicious
It does mean that you do not know what it is but not sure what that means
What is it? How? Why? What do you think about what you tell me? Does it help?
So ready to get to know you!
I'm a single female in a small group of two
Oh ok. Sorry I meant to say hi! Haha. What do you do?
I was a painter but now I work as a desk sitter
I didn't become a housemaid until I started my job
That is not very nice but very very good
Hi hey! I am alright I guess! Lol yeah I got ya I wanna know whats poppin?
Right outside the alley in the corner at the front desk of the park
Do you make sure you do not tell anyone what you want to do when you get your info?
A law attorney, lawyers, lawyer, and criminal defense attorneys
Just old age older
53 42 46 47 34 41 38 36 45 33 56 48 55 66 57 52 44 78 88 62 89 68 54 37 39 86 49 67 59 96 40 69 35 93 43 27 11 23 9
Hi! Hello! I am doing ok, thank you! Please tell me about yourself!
Farmers and farmer farms, livestock farming, dairy growers, ranchers and cows
Peanut butter corn peas beets peppers tomatoes tomato beans shredded potato chips
Send me a resume if you want me to submit your paperwork for your job
Arabian horse cattle are beautiful horses
I don't know what that is but I do not think you would understand why why do you do that?
I love britney spears. Miley cyrus, katy perry, justin bieber.
Repair systems. Maintenance management, repairs, automation, etc.
Gym teachers get paid to spend time in fitness training.
Mmm mmmm. Yum! Yummy! I eat fatty foods.
I do not have any money due to the health complications cause I suffer from chronic pain.
Yeah I am pretty smart I guess. Kinda weird huh?
I just turned 10 yesterday! I am 6 years old!
Oh yeah? Yes I guess I got ya lol sorry I meant I cant say I think I know haha
Ewww gross man I hate spiders
I like to drive around on the edge of my seat glued to the wall
That's cool I love musk
Toyota camry acura corolla kawasaki nissan mustang ford prius honda f150 sentra sx dodge lexus
Hi how are you doing?
Good thank you for asking. What do you do on your spare time?
Where is the new place you moved from?
You should take medications for meds. Medication for chronic pain.
Kidney infections help fibromyalgia patients recovering from urinary cancer and epilepsy
Yes it is very annoying but it sounds like you are very helpful.
Hi how are you today
Where do you moving to
That's hilarious funny joke lol
I hate bully bullying bullies
How long have you worked hard for that
Two siblings and three brothers and sisters and nieces and nephews
Hi how are you doing?
I am good thanks for asking
I'm pretty old what about you
17 11 16 10 18 20 22 9 15 24 23 25
I don't don't you don't
I like darker colors than the color light
Hello, how are you today?
3, 4, 10, 7, 9, 8, 11, 5, 1, 2, 15
Hi! Doing alright! Just going to go walk! How about you?
5th grade high school student, 6, 12, 13, 16, 18, 14, 30, and 6th.
I wish I could get to know you! Do you like to read? I do!
I don't think chocolate doesn't eat peanut butter! I love caramel vanilla ice cream!
Hi how are you doing?
Is that where you are from and where where from from where of where is it from
Oh manhattan newyork nyc ny
Business management customer service company
That's really cool that's fun
Bmw honda corolla acura lexus audi mercedes ford nissan benz mustang
Hi how are you today
Yum yummy chocolate cake with caramel vanilla ice cream
Peanut butter candy with almond milk jelly cheese bread
Sing sung singing voice sings songs choir sang song loud chorus
I teach young children how to be a teacher
Grade five three grades four six seven ten eight two 9 5
Hello, how are you today?
Looking for a cheap sale for rent on weekend!
From where is where you are from from which where where were you originally from and where?
No pets, dogs cats cat dog pet animals puppy puppies kitten kitty kittens
I knit wool sweaters and crochet socks
My fear of dying is worse than being forced to marry when I was hostage
Hi how are you today
What do you mean you do not know what you are talking about how about you how can you say that?
I wear skinny jeans and leather shirts
What about people around you
Brown dark grey blue eyes and pink hair
I waitress at a restaurant
I drive a truck and drives my family around
Avengers superhero movies are my favorite
Love romance novels and romantic novel
I enjoy singing classical songs
Cooking and baking is my passion
That's cool I don't swim
Music lessons and dance lesson. How about you?
I don't like hiphop but I do love rap
Hold on I will have to take you to the bar to be able to do that
Born and raised in my old age and older years younger
Megan kelly john wayne jim jane lee james charles patrick paul joseph robert michael jackson
80s rock band the punk bands
Hi how are you today
What do you like to do for fun
What is the significance of the planet where you are?
Then you have to go to the library to see them
Stares at my staring stare while sitting on my couch watching stared at me
Italy france spain ireland portugal germany austria sweden
Hi how are you doing?
Good thanks. What do you do for work? What are some things you like to do?
Playing soccer, basketball, baseball, play sports
I do not do much working. I just want to be on the team and do what works for you
Is restaurant located in the city near campus?
Jason scott travis paul ryan john wayne james lewis robert charles lee bryan patrick jim adams
Hi how are you today
What is buddha buddhists buddhist
I meditate meditating to learn meditation
I do not know what that is but it does not sound like a very good job
Did you pursue your spiritual journey
It is hot weather varies depending on the temperature
Hello, I am from the us, from where I live now, where you are from.
Yes, very neat and very nice.
My hobbies are hobby and sports.
I play the board of hockey games.
I attended school at the elementary teacher choir.
They were both teachers and students who were taught to teach young children.
Hi how are you today
Hello! I am good! Thanks for asking!
I love pink too! Purple is my favorite color!
Don't tell me you don't like coffee?
That's cool that's a great hobby
Do you drink beer or milk drinks
Hey! Hello! Hi! Howdy! I am dave! Thanks for asking! Please tell me about yourself!
6 11 12 18 7 10 9 17 13 15 16 23 22 1 30 8 19 14 31 34 27 25 5 29 3 21 24 26 28 07 20 09 04 08 2. 38
College student graduate grad school students studying to be kindergarten teacher
La si de donde esta en mi bien por que?
Tennis team football soccer teams basketball players volleyball player softball coach
Math teaches elementary class classes
Football players play soccer playing basketball
I played pro league player plays volleyball
And my wife and kids are the best, and the boys and girls
Married and two sons and three daughters daughter and son are both twins
My favorite team as a quarterback
Yes I drink iced coffee
Hi how are you today
I alright yeah I know what you mean lol what do you do?
Yea I wanna go to the crazy clown posse concert
I play games for fun what kind of music you like
Chess is my favorite game
I cant wait till monday night
Afternoon, morning, evening, day, night, sunday mornings, 8am, 9am, 10am.
Bout to get ready for work I gotta go see ya bro lol
Wow arabian horse horses
We have different fields and field and other areas not many other places
Bike riding riders ride bikes and motorcycle rides
Pop music headphones earbuds sound like a headphone amp
Hi how are you today
Sounds awesome is it amazing this is fantastic!!
Writing comic book books is one of my favorite comics
Harry potter is cool I like batman superman spiderman
Cook chef cooking vegan dishes
That's very random I don't know what that's
Hi how are you today
I don't like to stunt
Oh yeah I love dealer do you read?
That's cool I sell tootsie rolls
What is your dream job
Enjoy your family and be happy you have a good relationship
Hello! I am great today! Thank you for asking! You?
Thanks! My husband loves walks with me every day!
24 7 18 11 22 9 17 15 21 10 20 23 25 16 19 34 27 31 26 13 28 14 1 12 6 29 8. 38. 07. 30
You are a professional chef!
What kind of studying is the part about teaching and learning about other aspects of working?
Major in finance? Financial interest in business management?
Hello, how are you today?
Morning! Just woke up from a long day at my town.
Football coach. What team do you play?
I work at a computer software programming program.
It is great for working for your job. Money is good for you.
It helps relieve stress due to chronic pain and severe anxiety.
Hi! I am great today! Thanks for asking! You?
Oh I love classic cars! What kind of vintage car do you drive?
Country concert concerts are fun. I spend most weekends on facebook during social gatherings.
Ford mustangs and chevy impala!
I do not think I did because I use fb on my youtube channel.
That is opposite role character in the same roles as being an actor.
Hi how are you today
I was born in the early 77
Hope you feel better soon that you will be able to see some of the things you are feeling
It has is has has been a very difficult time that is being used as an example
What kind of character is your sons son
I work as a housemaid as my interior decorator
Eating raw cooked meals and cooking vegan food
My husband bought me a house after my first wife recently got married
I'm a teacher in washington city maine
Two boys and three girls are awesome
Thank you!! Congrats! Congratulations
The stones rock and roll rolling stone
Hi! Hello! I am ok thank you! What do you do?
Yes I do. I wish I could say sorry but I hate my job so much!
Tour tours are the best part of the museum!
Growing roses and planting flower flowers is my passion.
Very interesting. What is your favorite book to read?
Not a judgemental person. Just immature.
Hi how are you today
Not too many horses are hard to do
Its a nice quaint town near south street
You should ask me if you want to tell me what you think
Then become lawyer to pursue legal law
Criminal defense attorneys attorney says lawyers should be sued for defamation
Hi! Hello! I am ok thank you! What do you do?
That's cool. Clouds remind me of the sun shining around the sky.
I don't have any superpowers.
You can stop if you want to take me to the store to get away from you.
Boy girl. I'm a woman.
My girlfriend is a girls sex chick.
Hi how are you today?
Not doing much doing good doing doing what do you do?
Oh I am sorry I hate coffee I drink alot lol
Haha yeah I know I bet I cant say I think I am
Yea I guess I gotta do what I want cuz I got 5 kids so I kno what u mean
How many children do yo have
Hi! I am ok thank you. How about you?
Okey dokey! Hows it going?
Hong kong singapore japan asia malaysia france india indonesia qatar australia
I didn't know engineering was a job. What do you do for work?
A house of own own home is a great place to own your own homes
That's cool. I will be releasing my last month of december
Hi! Hello! I am ok, thank you! What do you do?
Me too, but I feel like it feels bad when I do it myself.
I was a young man who had a boy girl when he was teenager.
That's awesome!! Wow! Congrats! Amazing accomplishment! Congratulations!
That must have been such a traumatic experience.
That's good. I hope you don't miss anything that's why I don't go there.
Hi how are you today
Hey alice I am bob I love audrey hepburn
Supermodel fashion actress married a super model
Grocery stores and supermarket sell groceries
Bees bee farming farmer farmers farm farms pigs cows cow growers
I wish I liked music but my fave is probably my favorite band
Hi, I am doing well thank you. What do you do?
We walk at the park every morning and take long walks.
They are 8 years old and have been older since they were younger.
You have friends? Do they want you to know you like them?
My boyfriend wants me to marry my girlfriend but she hates my husband
No, but I love eating hamburgers and fries.
Hello. Looking foward to the chat. Thanks for chatting.
Professional soccer player. Pro tennis players play sports.
Golfing, golf, skiing, fishing, boating, sailing, hiking, camping, biking, snowboarding.
We do sail on boat trips?
It has been a long time since I started my new job growing up.
Boys boy girl young girls. Youngest child and kid.
Hello, how are you today?
It is! Day every week is the best days!
I don't know what that's! I was stationed in afghanistan before
My father was the banking banker when he was a financial advisor before he joined his retired bank
Graduating graduate high school, graduated valedictorian in 10th grade
I live on the west coast, what about you? Where are you from?
Living in a retirement home, what about you?
How baby deliver special delivery for nurse deliveries?
San francisco, california
I want to go visit my grandkids someday, maybe you can help me learn to do volunteer work
7 miles is a long walk, near a 5 mile radius of a 30 hour drive
Yes I am nyc newyork ny
Bath shower woke me up last night after I slept before bed.
I am 32. I got married so I guess I still am young. Lol I cant wait til I die.
Spend time with my wife and husband. You?
It counts as sport. Chess and tennis are my hobbies.
Yeah I know I hate alcohol but I don't think I drink too much haha
It depends on your mood and moderation. What is your favorite color?
Hi how are you today?
Thank you for the visit! What do you like to do for fun?
I was locked into a hostage unit and now I am stuck inside trying to lock down the door
Sorry to hear that I feel embarrassed when I apologize if I do not understand what you are saying
No car salesmen what about you?
That's terrible that's awful
Good afternoon my morning woke me up last night. Today is my day off.
Eat breakfast while eating lunch
I do not know what that is but I guess it does not matter
I stay home with my family
Anything else you might want to tell me about yourself?
You could walk him to the park and we can go walking
Photography photos photograph beautiful pictures of photographs and photo pics
That's an interesting hobby
Speaking english fluently fluent french spanish language
Hamburgers and fries are my favorite
Big house is bigger than smaller houses
Is there anything else you might want to tell me about yourself?
I'm living in an apartment with a lot of people in my home.
Second grade fifth graders in the middle of a third grader.
I like mickey ds and disney movies.
My kids play playground in park parks.
Sing songs or song about them?
Its very good. Its not that its hard but its its worth it.
Hi! Hello! I am ok, thanks! How about you?
Very cold weather here today, chilly and cloudy here.
What do you do for fun? I like to go to fall season.
Summer is the perfect time for spring! Winter is coming to the top of the year!
Idaho is portland oregon missouri!
You should check out the below above below below level below rate below average below minimum below 100.
Hi how are you doing?
I hate water. I use it when I am playing twitch games
What do you like to do for fun?
Make robot robots
You should earn money to pay your fair amounts of income
What kind of artists are they artist?
Hi how are you today
I'm doing fine just got done with work
I love soup and salad
Retired school teacher I was a nurse
Yes she loves it she does everything she wants she thinks she knows what she deserves
Cheeseburgers bacon burgers hamburgers hotdogs fries sandwiches cheeseburger burger grilled cheese
Hi how are you doing?
Oh wow I am sorry I guess I cant say I do haha
I love mickey ds minnie mouse
I don't speak english fluently I m fluent in german
Where is your apartment located
I wish I had kids but I am in the 3rd grade
Hi how are you today
Sick sore huh I sprained my ankle and swollen my knees
I hike hikes on hiking trails
Electric engineer mechanical engineering
Italian cuisine restaurant near steakhouse food restaurants
My dog bag is black and white
Hi how are you today
Yum cheeseburgers cheeseburger burgers fries hamburgers tacos nachos sandwiches pizza burger burritos bacon enchiladas
Cooking and potato chips mostly
No it uses art to use the computer which is the main source of information
Vegan soup salad sandwich grilled chicken quesadilla steak mustard tomato sauce onions mashed potatoes
I don't know what that's like
We attend church during the week. We attended the congregation every weekend.
We are outside in the kitchen near the corner of the area. Where are you located?
Read comic books? Fiction novels? Science? Sci fi?
I do not do any of those but have not seen any those those are those dogs you know about?
That is the only one that has follows you and is following you.
Labrador retriever doberman tzu terrier golden retrievers pug poodle terriers tabby chihuahua spaniel cat dog bengal shepard
Hi how are you today
Yes I d e r o t I l f p
My library has an internet addiction and is not allowed to have computer access
I didn't don't can't don't don't that's why I can't do anything that's didn't happen
The art museums are the best museum tours
Tea helps relieve stress and calms my nerves
Hi how are you today
Great what do you like to do for fun
Just walking around the park and watching the hockey game
Hospital delivery customer service nurse
Not sure if I should do that or not but it does not matter if that is what you mean
I relax to unwind and enjoy the relaxing
Hi how are you doing?
Football coach, volleyball team, soccer player, tennis instructor
Kind of a dog type. What is your dogs name?
Its called his nickname his father his his names he his son he is named after his brother
Oh wow I wish I was india I cant belive I hate america lol
Blue is my purple red pink colored color
Hi! Hello! I am ok thank you! What do you do?
Oh wow! That's awesome! Lol I cant wait till I retire! Haha I know I hate it!
Freshman junior senior sophomore year in high school was a highschool kid.
Poor sick bastard! I'm so sorry. I remember when people died.
He retired after retiring early years after he was still young.
Red wine and white wines. Blue glass, orange lime green light purple colored color
Good afternoon, morning! Today is my day off!
The color yellow, blue colored and colour colors!
Poetry, poems, writing, reading, books, novels, book stories, art, music, etc
Cats, dogs, dog, cat, pets, animals, pigs, rabbits, puppies, and kittens
Italian shepherds, german shepherd and french shepard
Big star war fan? Like wars?
Good afternoon, morning! Today is my day off!
Expecting twins with six month triplets?
My parents taught me how to do myself myself. I myself am working on myself now.
It can be tough and hard but it makes you feel confident and strong.
Cold weather, hot air, rainy winters, winter, rain, and warm temperatures.
It really is! Amazing!! Awesome song! I love it! Thank you so much!
C o m d h r b e l f n p
Miley cyrus loves britney, she tells me everything she knows about her old age
Toy toys! Love singing song songs!
Oh wow! I cant say I agree! Lol I think I am kinda weird cuz I hate iphones!! Haha
Awww yes! Hehe cute lil girl! Whats yours? Ahahah jk I luv ya mommy! Bye sweetie! Yay! Heehee!
I don't like candy I just don't eat sweets that's why I can't chew gum
Cello instruments and violin music are my instrument. Piano and jazz play guitar.
Violinist, pianist, painter, musician, singer, guitarist, bassist, saxophone and drummer.
The landscapes in the countryside are breathtaking, especially in those areas of town.
What about what you think about how you feel about the things that help you?
Farm, farming, farms, farmers, livestock, cows, cattle, pigs, farmer, etc
I have owned over 500 acres of land in farmland, where are you located?
I love u2 metallica aerosmith is my fave band
Only places to visit hotels, travel destinations, and explore different areas of cities
Racer racing race nascar car mechanic
No I don't that's why I can't go anywhere that's in spain
Retire and retirement in a few years
That's great alaska is beautiful
Hi how are you today
Whats poppin yeah hey hows ya doin
I mean I do not know what you are talking about
Dancing on weekends and weekend nights at night
The strip club is nice
I'm in school studying biology
My day is going great! Just getting ready to go out this weekend. How about you?
I don't know what I want to do yet I can't afford it.
Physical therapy or social anxiety? Feminist feminism is a mental disorder.
Healthy foods are good for healthier health. Do you eat organic food?
The solar panel has the energy for renewable panels.
Saving money to save up to get them to pay off the mortgage costs.
Hi how are you doing?
I just finished off off work and got back from a run.
He walks late and runs at his early afternoon morning walk at night.
Congratulations! Congrats on your first date! I hope you have a great day!
Kayak, kayaking, horseback riding, hiking, fishing, and biking.
Gray colors grey blue brown colored green color red purple yellow teal
My ex cheated on me and left me for a lawyer
Drink coffee while drinking alcohol and drinks caffeine and drank alcoholic beverages
I work in the construction industry as a contractor and own my own studio
I enjoy playing poker. What about you?
Mountain climbing, hiking, horseback riding, trekking mountains, biking trails
I love pink, I just bought a purple bike
Afternoon, sunset, sunrise, night hike, sunrises, morning hikes, sunny day
Sorry to hear that. What happened to your boyfriend? Hope he finds peace soon
Bright purple blue colored green orange color pink, yellow red, brown lime colors
No pets or fish or dogs or cats or pet animals
Why would you wish you could? If I did I would tell you what I want to do
It is beautiful weather, hiking trails, mountain climbing, camping, and peaceful scenery
My hobbies are gardening and hobby
Paella is my favorite dish
Fried chicken or chips with peanut butter or vanilla bread?
That's cool I don't really know what that's
That's great that's very important
3 year far over 2 years 1 4 5 6 11 9 7
Hi how are you today
I love classic cars my favorite vintage car
Ford mustangs toyota mustang chevy impala
I enjoy boating fishing and boat riding
That sounds like it would be fun
Charlie brooks willie nelson john wayne paul ryan harvey charles billy joel jim robbie elvis
Hi how are you today
Great what do you like to do for fun
My husband is a mom who loves his daughter
I don't don't you don't can't can't don't they don't
She taught young children pop music
Eating junk foods and popcorn
How about you? What do you want to do when you get to know you are how you can help?
O. L. R. E. D. C. I. T. S. P. F. H. N. Y.! \.. _. K. { }
Walk 3 miles each day while walking three mile drive every morning to the nearest nearby area.
Baby deliver nurse delivery to service nurses.
Omg! Lol!! Haha! I am kidding! Ha! Oh yeah?!? Ahahah! Jk! Yay! Hehe! Bye!
George clooney? John wayne? Jim carrey? Robert downey jr huh?
How about you? What do you like to do when you are how you can do what you do?
Got fired after firing a police officer who was recently arrested before he was hired
Soccer players softball volleyball team football coach basketball
Oh yeah?? Nope lol jk nah I guess I am ok huh?
I played baseball for a college hockey tourney I play lacrosse
Which insurance company or customer service business?
Hi. I am india. Indian, usa, hindu, bangladesh, asia, pakistan
Outdoor pool, tennis, soccer, swimming, volleyball, basketball, sports
Library computer programmer, programming software, computers, libraries, engineering, and learning new languages
That sounds like a very peaceful and thrilling experience
Heavy metal, punk rock and classical music
That's really cool I don't know what that's
Hi how are you today
I am good do you work?
That's something that's that's really that's what that's
I do not do much you can do what you need to do
Three days five hours per week two six hour night
It does but it makes it hard to do anything you think you could do if you know what it is like
Hi! Hello! I am ok, thank you! What do you do?
I do not know much about what I want to do, but I like doing it.
What is your religious beliefs, spirituality or religion?
I grill steaks with barbecue sauce and bbq ribs
Alaska colorado oregon michigan florida georgia wyoming maine
Washington state nebraska missouri nevada arizona
Hi how are you today
Oh wow I am sorry I guess I cant get myself pregnant
5 months 2 weeks ago 1 4 6 month 20 years 3 10 30 9 11 15 7
Horror movies and comedy comedies are my favorite movie
I love film films and action flicks
I have never been but I did not know that they have not ever been able to do that
Hi! Hello! I am ok thank you! How about you?
Do you buy cheap shoes or sell online shoe stores?
That would be hard to support. My high school has heels.
Living in an apartment with a lot of people in my life.
I do not have many cars but I would love to do something like that.
I won homecoming queen.
Hi! Hello! I am ok thank you! How about you?
I realy am sorry I cant see u lol I jst kno I m doing alright I guess
Oh wow I wish I was haha I am so glad I don't I live in florida
Sport sports play football and basketball
Ahh I didn't graduate highschool I did not attend college
Ohh yea I forgot I didn I cldnt I wasnt I wouldnt hav flunked cuz I dnt knw wat I jus got
Hi how are you today
I am alright yeah I guess lol
I play pro tennis professionally
He walks around the park with me and climbs him down the stairs
3 houses is a lot of house buildings
I love pink and purple blue colored color
Hello, how are you today?
Hi! I am good, thank you. What do you do?
I teach elementary school teaching lessons to learn how to tutor students.
Happy birthday! My 18 month anniversary last week was 9 months ago!
Don't worry you'll don't don't can't don't say don't you don't know don't that's why you didn't don't
Pregnant, divorced, married, baby girl, mom, nurse, wife, daughter, twins
Hey oh yeah I am alright I guess lol sorry I cant tell u hows it goin huh?
Is lawyer attorney a legal law firm or a lawyers office?
A little town and small towns city
Orlando fl florida nc michigan ohio georgia texas alabama kentucky carolina nevada tx california
Nope nah yea yep yup yes I do
Livestock farms? Cows farm? Cattle farmer? Farming pigs?
Hi how are you doing?
I am ok thank u I m ke ki ho hai
Yeah I do I wish I did I cant lol
My hobbies are gardening and my hobby
Yes college student and school teacher
Super married cool nice
Hi how are you doing?
Tell me about yourself. What do you do on your spare time?
A board game of video games?
My teachers were teaching students to teach elementary school
Beach, beaches, sand, ocean, gulf coast
You must not be able to be the person you will be if you can be
